Prevent NCCL Device Conflicts Between vLLM Server and Trainers (#3762)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/vllm_integration.md

💡 **Note**: Resources required for this specific example: a single node with 8 GPUs.

> 🚨 **Important**: vLLM server and TRL trainer must use different CUDA devices to avoid conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Tip warning=true>
vLLM server and TRL trainer must use different CUDA devices to avoid conflicts.
</Tip>
```
